Support upgradability of the consensus parameters and state transition bytecode in genesis (#1826)
FuelLabs/fuel-core: CHANGELOG.md

    - Along with the new block height, the regenesis process also increases the state transition bytecode and consensus parameters versions. It guarantees that a new network doesn't use values from the previous network and allows us not to migrate `StateTransitionBytecodeVersions` and `ConsensusParametersVersions` tables.
    - Added a new CLI argument, `native-executor-version,` that allows overriding of the default version of the native executor. It can be useful for side rollups that have their own history of executor upgrades.
    - Replaced:
      
      ```rust
               let file = std::fs::File::open(path)?;
               let mut snapshot: Self = serde_json::from_reader(&file)?;
      ```
      
      with a:
      
      ```rust
               let mut json = String::new();
               std::fs::File::open(&path)
                   .with_context(|| format!("Could not open snapshot file: {path:?}"))?
                   .read_to_string(&mut json)?;
               let mut snapshot: Self = serde_json::from_str(json.as_str())?;
      ```

>       because it is faster in 100 times for big JSON files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      because it is 100 times faster for big JSON files.
```

>     - Updated all tests to use `Config::local_node_*` instead of working with the `SnapshotReader` directly. It is the preparation of the tests for the futures bumps of the `Executor::VERSION`. When we increase the version, all tests continue to use `GenesisBlock.state_transition_btyecode = 0` while the version is different, which forces the usage of the WASM executor, while for tests, we still prefer to test native execution. The `Config::local_node_*` handles it and forces the executor to use the native version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Updated all tests to use `Config::local_node_*` instead of working with the `SnapshotReader` directly. It is the preparation of the tests for the futures bumps of the `Executor::VERSION`. When we increase the version, all tests continue to use `GenesisBlock.state_transition_bytecode = 0` while the version is different, which forces the usage of the WASM executor, while for tests, we still prefer to test native execution. The `Config::local_node_*` handles it and forces the executor to use the native version.
```

>     - Reworked the `build.rs` file of the upgradable executor. The script now has a cache used between builds to avoid recompilation of the WASM bytecode. Also, fixed the issue with outdated WASM bytecode. The script reacts on any modifications of the `fuel-core-wasm-executor` and forces recompilation(it is why we need cache), so WASM bytecode always is actual now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Reworked the `build.rs` file of the upgradable executor. The script now caches WASM bytecode to avoid recompilation. Also, fixed the issue with outdated WASM bytecode. The script reacts on any modifications of the `fuel-core-wasm-executor` and forces recompilation (it is why we need the cache), so WASM bytecode always is actual now.
```
